yo what's the deal this is the point big
Moochie that said it with no boy and
y'all watching that new lad dance
hopeful slide the very new joint the MC
hustle we stand for the social club
hustle dedicated to all my social clubs
and on my lap dances out there now what
I'm about to do is I'm gonna teach all
the easy way how to get it in
alright I think that I'm gonna do it
like this with your right foot you're
going to one two three to your left one
two three because dog it out we're gonna
do it again
backseat ready go right to your left
left
alright now from there with your right
foot you're going to rock up cha cha
back left back cha cha it's like this up
one two three
back one two three we're gonna do it
again with your right foot Rock up back
one two three back one two three we will
do it again from beginning five six
ready go
dog to your right look one two three the
rocks up with rock up one two three
right back up one two three from there
there's a full turn like this it's gonna
be step turn step turn
alright the easy way doing is crossing
names over like this step turn step over
and turn all right from the beginning
five six ready go so see you left so
rock these up one two three step back
one two three now step turn step turn
just a tricky part I got two ways to do
it one foot of people who know I'll add
dance the open for the beginners you
know example like this it's going to be
kick cross slide to your right one more
time we'll do a sideways for y'all
what's your right foot is kick cross
slide to your right now you can do it
that way or you can do it like this with
your right foot up
thank lad to your right sad you up back
slide to your right
I'm gonna demonstrate both on foot first
one is going to be the kick cross here
we go
five six ready go don't - you're right
dog it to your left
rocked up now one two three step back
one two three step turn step turn kick
cross slide to your right this does away
step up step back dog it not dog it
rocked up up one two three step back one
two three step turn step turn up bang /
- you're right
alright from there by step turn with
your right foot it's going to be one two
three four alright we'll do a sideways -
y'all ones go right foot one two three
four
run it again five six ready go dog it
huh dog it rock up up one two three step
back one two three step turn step turn
kick cross / - you're right
by step turn to your left huh from their
last part but what's our ladies to get
funky with it's called the puppy she's
going to be pumping Oh
pump it up alright one more time
pump it up pump me up from the beginning
here we go five six ready go dog it um
dog is he left Rock up up one two three
step back one two three step turn step
turn kick cross / - you're right by step
turn to your left
now pump it Oh pump it Oh
that right there because the FB hustle
we don't do it one more time without the
music
did we gonna play the music and we're
gonna get any here we go back six ready
go
doggy doggy rocked up up one two three
step back one two three now step turn
step turn tick cross slide to your right
by step turn to your left now pump it
Pump It
go get to your right one more time y'all
Rock up up one two three step back one
two three step turn step turn kick cross
slide your right by step turn to your
left now pump it Pump It
that right there st hustle and I'll go
ahead and check it out pick it up on
iTunes sound click check out the YouTube
page
leave your comments on what y'all like
we're telling me to change this up or
anything if don't want me to and we
won't get it in peace big moves baby
they don't know avoid home isms
you
not the baby